-*- mode: org -*-

* Changes in 1.2.1 (since 1.2.0)

The only change is: if list format function is specified (in
'ENTRY-TYPE-list-format' variable), it is called even if an entry does
not have an according parameter.  This allows to use non-existing
parameters in the format variable, for example, if this variable has
(fake some-fun 10 t) specification in it, 'some-fun' will be called even
if 'fake' parameter does not exist.  Previously, the function was
ignored in such cases, and 'bui-empty-string' was used instead.

* Changes in 1.2.0 (since 1.1.0)

** New functions

- bui-list-marked-or-current
- bui-list-map-marked

** New variables

- bui-hint-format

** Minor performance improvements

* Changes in 1.1.0 (since 1.0.1)

** Hint system is added

A user can press "h" (or any unbound key) in any 'list' or 'info' buffer
to display a "hint" (a message with available key bindings).  Also
'bui-define-interface' macro supports ':hint' argument (thus
'ENTRY-TYPE-BUFFER-TYPE-hint' variable is generated) to override the
default hint.

** Changes in mode initializing

Previously, a function specified at ':mode-init-function' interface
keyword should have called 'bui-mode-initialize-default'.  It is not
needed anymore ('bui-mode-initialize-default' is deprecated and
ignored).

** New functions

- 'bui-current-param-title'

** Fixed bugs

*** History size variable is honored

Previously, setting 'ENTRY-TYPE-BUFFER-TYPE-history-size' did not take
effect.

*** 'bui-list-show-single' variable is honored

Previously, if 'ENTRY-TYPE-BUFFER-TYPE-show-single' was set to nil and
'bui-list-show-single' to t, a single entry was displayed in 'info'
buffer anyway; now it is displayed in 'list' buffer.

* Changes in 1.0.1 (since 1.0)

** Several minor bugs fixed

** Only (require 'bui) is needed

Previously, a package maker had to require various BUI features
depending on what bui code is used; now only (require 'bui) is needed as
it loads all the rest BUI features.

* 1.0 (initial release)

** History

The ancestor of BUI was some code written in February 2014 as a part of
[[https://github.com/alezost/aurel][aurel]] package.  Then this code was copied to [[https://github.com/alezost/guix.el][guix.el]], and was heavily
developed for about 2 years as a part of the Emacs interface for Guix.
Finally, in September 2016, this code was extracted from "guix.el" and
became "bui" library (later, both "aurel" and "Emacs-Guix" were switched
to BUI).
